I want you and Lin Xiaoxiao to break off the engagement
Abolish the engagement immediately
Why not?
No male juan
He's here to make trouble.
Get him out of here
Yes, Mr. Li
Little novel, right?
6 years ago, you and the old man became two boys, didn't you?
Five little bastards
And now you're making trouble at your sister's wedding reception
Yi Xiyue, are you still human?
You have five children.
5 children must have 5 fathers
What a slutty woman!
Even pretending to be a moon god?
So shameless
I do have five children
But I'm not ashamed.
My children are very kind.
And I am the Moon God Doctor
Mr. Li, since you can't agree to my request
Moon God Doctor
I grant your request for the baron
Now break off the engagement with Lin Xiaoxiao
Grandma, why?
I even dared to neglect the more amazing doctor who saved my life
It would be great if you married into my Li family